I don't really like this whole
.netlify/functions thing,
I want this to look more like a real API.
So, I want my site to live at /api/hello,
that's how I wanna call my functions.
So, to do that,
we can actually just add a redirect, and
this uses some kinda funky TOML code,
I think this is so that you can add
multiple keys called redirects.
And, underneath redirects,
we're gonna set from,
and we want any call to API,
so, API/anything,
we want that to be redirected
to .netlify functions,
and then we want the value of this star,
which apparently is called a splat.
So, we set that to be the splat,
and then we wanna send a status
of 200 because this isn't a redirect,
it's a rewrite.
And what the difference is that
when you request a URL and
you get sent to another URL,
you'll get a HTTP status code of 301,
and that means that there's been
a permanent relocation of that asset.
What we want here, is we want
the /API/hello or whatever the function
name is, we want that to be
considered a permanent resource,
we just wanted to call the Netlify special
URL under the hood, so that it works.
So, we're sending it 200, so
that the browser thinks that /API/hello,
is a real permanent address.
So, that's,
we're just doing a URL rewrite,
we're not actually like
moving things around.
So, upon saving this,
we can run netlify dev again, and
it'll continue to work at
.netlify/function/hello.
But now if I go in here and
I write /API, we can still use it,
but it looks a little more branded for
our company.
You could also do this where you
could sub deploy, a sub domain, so,
api.yoursite.com/, and
then you would just redirect everything
to the functions folder,
that's a perfectly valid use case as well.
>> So, I can see how you can set up
services and front end serverless,
as far as the database,
are you thinking of exposing like a no
SQL database, Dynamo or another flavor of
>> Yeah
>> NoSQL, so
that you don't have to have a server,
because if you have MySQL,
you will have to have a server for
a fully fledged site.
>> Right, so in the last section today,
we will get into using
serverless functions to call a database
>> Yeah
>> So, if you want to self host
your database, yeah,
you need to have that up and running.
We'll be using a database as a service,
which means that it's kind of off of
our plate, and managed by someone else.
And so an important distinction to draw
when you're talking about the Jamstack,
the Jamstack isn't eliminating complexity,
it's making that complexity
someone else's responsibility.
And what we're doing is we're
effectively outsourcing that management
responsibility to a specialized team.
So, I am not a database expert,
so managing and
scaling a database is not something that I
should be doing as my primary role, right?
I'm a front end developer,
I should be doing front end development.
So, by outsourcing to a managed database
as a service company, the benefit that we
get is that, that company presumably
is hiring specialists at doing database
management, who are going to do it better
than I could or better than anyone on
my team will presumably do, because
they're front end developers, right?
We're not here to manage a database.
So, yeah, the it's kind of that joke like
the cloud is other people's computers,
that's basically what Jamstack is to,
it's not serverless,
it's other people's servers.
But we are by paying for,
infrastructure as a service functions,
as a service database as a service,
the service that we're getting is that
presumably these companies have hired
experts to specialize in that one thing
and doing it the best possible way, so
that we can relax and know that they've
got it at least as good as we would have.